Primary Actors:
 * Human Player
 * Ai Player
--------------
Stakeholders and Interests:
1 Human player: Wants to play a set number of rounds of bowling, vs another human or vs the computer.
2. AI player: Will follow preferd strategies (Easy or Hard) to play vs the human.
3. Game System: mangaes the matches, calucalte the score, determines the winner.
-------------------
Preconditions:
Before the to be able to play the user must input a valid username.
If user donst have a not registern a user, the user get the option to do so.
Registern users are stored in a json file acting as a simple database.
The game initialises and with a valid game mode (human vs human) or (human vs computer) is seleted.
Player have the choice to pick how many rounds of bowling to play.
Players is created using the appropiate player factoires(human or computer).
If playing vs the computer, the user selects the Ai difficulty (Easy or Hard).
The system ensures that all inputs follows validations rules(username format and menu and option selections).
-------------------------
Postcondtions:
The match compeletes and the winner and looser is demerimed by the score.
The match data are logged in a textfile.
Player can choose to play again or exit.

Main flow
The game starts and the user selects the game mode.
Checks if the user is in the database (json file).
Players are created based on the selected input human vs human or human vs computer.
The number of rounds are chosen by the player.
The game begins and plays the number of rounds entered.
The system calculates scores after each turn.
After all turns are played the system determines the winner and looser.
The match result is displayed, and data is logged in a text file.
The user can choose to play again vs the same opponent, return to main menu or exit the game.

Alternitve flows
If the user input an invalid username, they are prompted to try again.
If the user trying to register a new user with wrong format or if the user is already registerd the user, the user must pick another name.
If an invalid menu selection is made, an error appears and tell the user to input a valid one.
If an invalid input is made during the rounds (only blankspace button works) the user is told to use blankspace button instead, all other inputs are locked

